I remember there being a cupid board, which
I thought was kind of fun.
You could put a number on your chest and then
people would write, like, love note things.
And there was an area, a board where...
And you’d look throughout the night.
“Did someone send me a note?”
I think I made a joke in my column, at the
time, that it was all very polite as opposed to...
As a commentary on, culturally, female sexuality
versus male sexuality being a little more
overt and less polite and empathetic, whereas
I felt the environment there was very inclusive
and feel-good.
These aren’t spaces that were...
That women and trans folk were used to, invited
into, had long-standing mores and cultural
practices or norms around.
And so, having to establish those from the
ground up, I really commend the committee
for a lot of what they were pretty forward-thinking
in what they were trying to do.
And some people had like...
People who were involved in the leather community,
sure, already knew what to do in these spaces,
or had a sense of what they wanted to do with
this kind of space.
But I really think that it was something different,
that the committee didn’t just take that
for granted, you know?
That they really tried to anticipate and make
it feel good, like a space that people could reclaim.